Update prisma.md to reference shadow databases within db datasource. (#140)
nextauthjs/docs: docs/adapters/prisma.md

datasource db {
  provider = "postgresql"
  url      = env("DATABASE_URL")

>   shadowDatabaseUrl = env("SHADOW_DATABASE_URL") // Support added in Prisma v2.17.0. Allows Prisma to migrate when using a cloud provider that doesn't support the creation of new databases, like Heroku.

Reviewer: I think this hint is very useful here but I'd suggest to make it more clear that this is only needed in cases where a cloud provider like Heroku is being used and otherwise it's optional. Also added a link to our docs to make for people to learn more about the concept of the shadow DB 👍 

```suggestion
  shadowDatabaseUrl = env("SHADOW_DATABASE_URL") // Only needed when using a cloud provider that doesn't support the creation of new databases, like Heroku. Learn more: https://pris.ly/migrate-shadow
```
